Update configure-upgrade-etcd.md to give an example use-case for snap… (#27161)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/configure-upgrade-etcd.md

Elastic Block Store, back up etcd data by taking a snapshot of the storage
volume.

### Snapshot using etcdctl options

We can also take the snapshot using various options given by etcdctl. For example 

```shell
ETCDCTL_API=3 etcdctl --h 
``` 

> will list various options avilable with etcdctl. If you want to take a snapshot by specifying various options available here, you can do so. For example, to take a snapshot by specifying the endpoint, certificates etc is as given below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will list various options available from etcdctl. For example, you can take a snapshot by specifying
the endpoint, certificates etc as shown below:
```

```shell

> ETCDCTL_API=3 etcdctl --endpoints=[127.0.0.1:2379] --cacert=<trusted-ca-file> --cert=<cert-file> --key=<key-file> snapshot save <backup-file-location>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ETCDCTL_API=3 etcdctl --endpoints=[127.0.0.1:2379] \
  --cacert=trusted-ca-file --cert=cert-file --key=key-file \
  snapshot save backup-file-location
```

```

> where, <trusted-ca-file>, <cert-file> and <key-file> can be obtained by looking at the description of the etcd pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `trusted-ca-file`, `cert-file` and `key-file` can be obtained from the description of the etcd Pod.
```

Elastic Block Store, back up etcd data by taking a snapshot of the storage
volume.

### Snapshot using etcdctl options

We can also take the snapshot using various options given by etcdctl. For example 

```shell
ETCDCTL_API=3 etcdctl --h 
``` 

will list various options available from etcdctl. For example, you can take a snapshot by specifying
the endpoint, certificates etc as shown below:

```shell
ETCDCTL_API=3 etcdctl --endpoints=[127.0.0.1:2379] \

>   --cacert=trusted-ca-file --cert=cert-file --key=key-file \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --cacert=<path to trusted-ca-file> --cert=<path to cert-file> --key=<path to key-file> \
```

>   snapshot save backup-file-location

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  snapshot save <backup-file-location>
```
Angle brackets for placeholders for the backup file location
